Big
Hey,
X.
This is a lot.
All right, y'all.
It's about to get serious
because today
is it sunny out or is it just me?
Today is Tuesday
the 26th of May 2026.
You might think to yourself, Jason, it's
a bit redundant. May 26th, 2026.
But it's also a day, guys, when New York
is about to open.
Just like any other Tuesday, different
than yesterday, which was a federal
holiday, it was Memorial Day. It was a
day to remember.
Today is a day to forget. to forget
about all those high leverage trades you
knew you shouldn't have taken from the
exact top long 100x account and to focus
in on the charts
as we are going to see today the make it
or break it moment for Bitcoin. Are we
going to change market structure?
Are we going to get this zigzag to the
upside pattern with the question mark
here or is this going to roll over? Are
we going to fail to to break this
bearish market structure? And am I going
to lose it all? Guys, I've got 500,000
USD, US Donald Trump's. All right, the
orange backs. All right, the genuine
orange back USDTS on a Bitcoin long
trade. 11x leverage. All right, you know
what 500 times 11 is? Me neither, cuz
I'm too stupid. which is exactly why
I've got half a million dollars on a
high lever trade on a federal holiday
weekend about 26 minutes before New York
open. There we go. 26 minutes on May
26th, 2026.
The synchronicities, the redundancies.
Baby, please give me the cheese. Rub it
on my knees. Let me see the squeeze.
God bless everybody in Jesus name. I do
pray you and your families are blessed
in many ways.
We got to give a major shout to
everybody in the chat on this beautiful
Tuesday morning. First of all, Prime Vid
says, "Praise God." Bisha for life.
What's going on? Can I check the Pi
network? We might be able to. Shout out
to Andrew. Thank you, Lord, for this
beautiful day. Amen. Thank you, Lord,
for this beautiful day. I am so
thankful. I'm just so overjoyed
that the sun is shining,
the birds are chirping, the sky is
filled with chemtrails, but at least the
sun is out. Big shout out to Juan
Estrada. Yeah, we could take a look at
others for sure. Illich, what's going
on, fam? Shout out to Michael Jason.
Shout out to Ashley Sub to Wednesday
manipulation. We are extremely bearish.
Shout out to Digi Gaming Pro. Bro, how
can you trade with that size? What is
the secret? There's no secret. It's the
same as trading with small size.
There's no secret. If you're asking that
question, that means you probably
uh if you were going to be trading this
size would be risking too much money.
All right, that's that's really what it
is. It's all percentage based, my
friend. It's all percentage based. All
right, it's the same as $2.
Shout out to Digi Gaming Pro once again.
Yo, does the order flow how does the
order flow look? We will take we will
take a look. Shout out to Stein Ravenh
horse.
God bless you. Stein Raven Horse. Shout
out to Daniel CA Prude
in the house, baby. Got to give a major
shout out as well to Krypto Coons
holding it down with the wrench. God
bless you, man. Good to see you here.
Shout out to not not Quicker and Johnny
Mac attack.
The Mac Attack, the Big Mac Attack,
Attack Attack, Stick Stickly, Crabcore,
Baby. Shout out to Deco TV. And shout
out once again to my man Splash Films
and Kipcorn Sheriff.
Guys, as New York is about to open now
in less than 26 minutes on May 26th,
2026,
we are really about to see right now. We
are really about to see
what the market's going to be. All
right.
Okay.
We are really going to see what the
market's going to be. So, let's pop on
over to Trading View here. All right.
We've got it pulled open. We've got our
Trading View pulled open here. Let me go
ahead and put my my face over the
trading view here cuz
well maybe the viewership would go up if
I don't show my face. I am pretty ugly.
Let's be honest,
you know. Um yeah. So we got Trading
View pulled up here. Guys, here's the
deal. All right, this is I I this is a
very precarious situation right now. I'm
going to be honest.
Let's take a look at the macro. Let's
remove our four drawings and just
understand what has happened here. We're
going to pull the sideways range. We
Here's what's happened, guys. We bounced
from the value area high. We got a big
dip below a strong daily close. Now,
this happened on a Saturday. Not the
best. Sunday, bullish candle. Okay,
still a weekend. Not the best. Monday,
also US stock exchange closed
on Memorial Day. So today is our first
real New York open of the week. So far
the daily candle has gotten us a big
push to the downside
and now we're hovering around 77K. 77K
super super super important level. If we
take a look at this, all right, just the
local range that we've been trading ever
since the initial breakout. The reason
why 77K is so important is because it
means we are holding above the majority
of the volume that was traded ever since
the breakout. Let's pull it back to the
17th of February here. All right, we'll
pull it all the way back to the 17th of
February.
Yeah, same deal. You can see how
important
this level is. And and look at what's
happened here with the price as well. We
bounced from the macro value area high.
We got a fake out bouncing from the
local value area low, a close above
macro value area high, and now we're
trying to hold above the PC. What needs
to happen on this New York open, guys,
is a break of this resistance. If we
break this resistance, then we
definitely have the inverted head and
shoulder pattern that could really
boost poost us push push us to a new
high. All right, we go ahead, we pull
this, we pull that, and this is going to
take us back up towards these highs. All
right, and in my opinion, to a new high.
Again, we have mixed signals. All right,
we have mixed signals. We go to the
weekly time frame. And what do we have
here? We have a very ambiguous
weekly wave. Like, is the VWAP going to
cross? Are we going to print a red dot
or no? Right? We don't know. It's
looking suspicious. It's looking
ambiguous.
It's looking pretty ambiguous. Kind of
suspicious. You guys know what I mean?
Like this. This picture of me back in
college. Very ambiguous. All right. I
was a fat white ambiguously gendered
college student majoring in trans
non-carbon binary mission gender
intersectionality Pakistani communist
studies.
But then when we go to the daily time
frame, what do we see? Well, now we're
seeing something that looks bullish. All
right, we've got ourselves a hidden
bullish divergence here. As the price is
respecting this trend line, making
higher lows on the trend line, we are
seeing the oscillator making a lower low
as the money flow gets thicker. That's a
hidden bullish divergence, a
continuation pattern.
But as we go down to the 4hour time
frame, things look ambiguous once again
because we're not seeing any bullish
divs.
We're not seeing any clear signals. And
so what needs to happen now is New York
needs to open up and New York needs to
con have conviction. All right, right
now New York, they're they're they're
they're they're getting ready. They're
eating breakfast. All right, it's the
New York way. What do we do in New York
City? We wake up early. We drink lots of
caffeine. We eat lots of sugar, donuts,
bagels,
saturated fats, not the good kind, mixed
with refined carbohydrates. All right,
we're getting our arteries ready to
handle what's about to ensue with this
insane volatility. All right, now in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord, we're long.
We've been long since the 18th. We've
been short since May 10th in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord. We are in positions
here, ready for whatever. All right, at
jasonaspertrading.com,
the best trading community in the world.
Now, we have about 17 minutes until New
York opens. Here are a few different
scenarios that we could potentially look
out for. First of all, let's remember,
let's go back to Friday. All right, let
me take you back to Friday. What do we
got? We got the CME gap down here at
755. Bam. All right, this is a CME gap.
This is where the markets closed on
Friday. So, there is some incentive
maybe to fill this gap. Let's go ahead
and pull a Fibonacci from the low to the
high. Well, goodness gracious. Would you
look at this Fibonacci golden pocket
right here just below the filling of the
CME gap? Spectacular. Would we take a
look at the volume?
Okay. Do we have any high volume spikes?
Not really. So, I would say this,
you know, if we get a drop to the
downside, this zone between the golden
pocket and the 786 must hold. If we are
going to see the introverted head and
shoulders pattern play out, it must
hold. All right.
If it doesn't hold, well, then there are
a few other things we could look for.
One of which is this. All right. So, so,
so plan number one for today is we come
down here, we see some bullish signs, we
can take a long trade and this would
then be giving us this nice inverted
head and shoulder pattern. All right.
Option number two is because we made
this low on a Saturday. We come and we
take out that low, $74,000 low. We come,
we take out that low and we bounce
and we get the reclaim. All right. So,
we come all the way back down. Everybody
gets really bearish. Oh, no. But then we
reclaim the level. As soon as we reclaim
the level,
look at how market cipher B would look
on our 4hour time frame. Then
we would have the coveted uneven butt
cheek pattern right as the price would
be getting lower. Dolores at the diner
New York loaded up on her caffeine, her
nicotine, her sugar, her bagels, butt
cheeks very uneven. Why? Why, they ask,
how did her cheeks end up this way?
Single leg glute bridges on the left
side only
with an extreme caloric surplus.
All right,
this could give us a really nice bounce.
Look at this. We would then have a
confirmed regular bullish divergence,
money flow and momentum on the 4 hour as
the daily has the confirmed hidden
bullish divergence.
All right,
that would make the ambiguity, right?
That that would that would honestly turn
that would turn that would turn this.
All right.
Into this. What does that even mean? I
don't know. That could turn this into
this. I mean this into this,
you know, that could turn that could
turn this into this where we have very
much so ambiguity. We don't know which
bathroom we're going into. People don't
know which bathroom I'm going into. In
Walmart, they have to follow me into the
bathroom to see, is he going to go in
the boys or the girls' room? If he goes
in the boys' room, they're still
curious. They take the urinal next to
me. They kind of look over their
shoulder just to see, hey, is he really
got what I think he's got? Maybe he's
just got a funnel and and and a hose,
you know?
Now, coming back to the chart here, like
I said, a another drive to the downside
would give us some extreme bullish div.
It would allow us to take the weekend
low. 1 hour time frame would look
insanely bullish, man. Like insanely
bullish, man.
Let's check out our favorite time frame,
the 24m minute.
My goodness. The 24m minute would look
absolutely gorgeous and beautiful.
Absolutely gorgeous and beautiful. All
right. So, let's see what happens
as the Bitcoin price open. Now, we got
we got 14 minutes until ny.
All right, 14 minutes until nyo, baby.
Um,
let's see. Ash Ashley sub says, "I think
we manipulate north."
Yeah. So, let's Yeah, let's let's
discuss a move to the upside as well,
right? Cuz so far I've been talking
about moves to the downside. But again,
if we do manipulate
as Ashley S says north there is the
Fibonacci golden pocket just a bit
pretty much above these highs 78.2ish
up toward the golden pocket very much
could give us a nice one of these guys,
right? Just take the highs and then
reject. Now, do we have any bearish
signs
if that were to happen? Right? Let's
ask. Well, the money flow coming out big
time here. All right, this is the
24-minut time frame. Let's go to the 1
hour. Yeah, we would have some pretty
significant bearish divergences if this
happened, guys. Some significant bear
divs. So, one way or the other, I think
today we are in for a big move
upon the open of New York. All right,
over here. New York. Get your best New
York accent on. That's what happens when
you eat too much trans fats. All right.
So, you you end up looking like this.
All right. Too much trans fats.
All right.
>> Yeah, probably. Right. Probably. Uh,
shout out to Dave Hogan.
Shout out to Bryce Workman. He says,
"How low can Hey, how low can we how low
can we go?" How long can we go? How low
can we how low? How How low can we How
low can we How long can we go?
How low can we How low can we How long
can we go? We can go super long, baby.
100x full account. That's how long we
can go. How low can we How low can we
How long can we go,
you know?
Um,
>> shout out to Seek Parabolic. What's
going on?
Um,
shout out to Yarbrook One standing there
tapping one foot, waiting on the market
to move. We'll do that, too.
We'll do that, too. We'll do that, too.
Yeah. Shout out to me Burhan 007. Hey,
bro. Have you also learned from the
chart champions? Of course.
Yeah, Daniel's the man. Daniel's the
man. I he I've I've had him on my
channel multiple times. Check out the
videos.
Ripped alerts. Do I think Bitcoin will
hit 84K range before 70? I am very am I
I am very much so unsure right now.
Okay.
I am very much so unsure right now as
what will happen. Um
I'm just waiting for this market to
open. I'm waiting to react to the move.
All right. I'm waiting to react to the
move.
Jason living the American dream on the
live stream. Yeah, we got the dream on
the live stream. If we were to come down
very low, we can go long. Very long.
Yeah, seriously. Seriously.
Uh, shout out to Alexander Berts 583.
God bless you, man. In Jesus name. All
right,
this is a we we need to wait, guys.
We've got 10 minutes. Let's check out
the order flow here.
This is what we had drawn yesterday.
Let's see if that played out on a
refresh.
Wow, that was so long ago. We don't even
have time to see if that played out.
Let's go to the 15-minute chart here.
Pretty much did play out. We took all
that liquidity.
And guys, we are we're building a little
bit of bearish CVD on a decrease of OI.
So, we can't take it too seriously. It's
a lot of longs closing out here and
rightfully so. We got a half hour pump
city. If you're not taking profits, then
you must be Jason Casper who's been long
since Saturday and hasn't taken profit,
right? Aka a total fool. The kind of guy
who would try and pay Donald Trump $200
just to get him to say Bitcoin.
You know,
or pay Drake $200 to get him to say K
dot.
You know what I'm saying?
A live stream during leg day would be
coot.
You know what? Uh, a live stream during
leg day would not be cooked for me. Um,
I can't do anything when I'm training
legs. All right.
Breakout pending says my passive freedom
214. That's what's up. Let's see if we
get it.
Let's see if we get it. Shout out to
CryptoKun who says like the dang stream.
How many kilometers do I walk? I don't
know. What's a What's a kilometer? Never
heard of that before.
Only heard of miles. I'm an American.
All right. Give me inches and miles.
Don't give me none of these kilometers.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know what that is. Come on.
Lots of liquidity. Yeah. Yeah.
Um
for chuckles says Dave Hogan. I put on
Trading Views trading patterns and it
shows a falling wedge on the 4 hour that
we've broken out to the upside. Let's
check it out. Dave Hogan.
I have to be honest. This this is making
me very uncomfortable.
This is making me very uncomfortable.
This price action here.
This price action is making me very,
very uncomfortable. And I'll tell you
why. All right. It's because I'm long
and I haven't taken profits.
All right. Long and no profits have been
taken.
We're about to see if Jason Casper is
about to get go to Wreck City.
All right. I was up 20K. Now I'm up 13K.
I'm down. I I've lost $7,000.
All right.
Only a fool would lose $7,000. My
goodness. Sheesh.
So, we have
Can you look at 21day on Bitcoin to see
if we have a green dot? Shout out to
Juan. Yeah, sure. For sure. Let's check
it out. All right.
Let's check it out. The 21day someone
went short. Guys, be careful pre-New
York open trading. You know, I'm going
to wait and see what the market's going
to do before I make a decision on. All
right. Yeah, let's check out the 21day
on Bitcoin here.
I never look at the 21day.
Oh, I guess I do because it already
exists.
That's the three-week time frame.
It does have a confirmed green dot.
Let's check out the alltime index.
Confirmed 21-day green dots means
historically
that the low is either in or very close
to being in.
Yeah, historically it means the low is
either in or very close to being in. So
yeah, we've got a 21-day confirmed green
dot on market cipher B. Look at the
historical green dots. They tend to line
up very nicely with the bull market
beginning.
The bull market beginning six minutes
until New York opens.
Oh my goodness.
This is scary.
This is super scary.
I am I am legitimately super scared,
guys. I'm not even going to lie to you.
I have so much adrenaline right now.
Let's see. Can I say in miles? I don't
know. I have no idea how much I walk,
guys.
I walk as much as possible. All right.
How is the food in Rex City? It's not
good, Dave Hogan. It's US foods. It's
the same stuff they give you in prison
and elementary school. All right. They
have like a chicken patty day. It's like
some gross like half chicken, half
silicon patty
on some GMO glyphosate sprayed
pseudo bread with seed oil, high
fructose corn syrup, and soy. All right.
So, the food in Rex City is not good. It
lowers your testosterone. Okay.
Shout out to memory, man. He says, "I
suppose the bull runs are diminished.
Guess so are the bears." Yeah, that's
that's what I'm waiting to see, too,
man. You know,
I'm about to sell my house and go in,
says Juan Estrada.
What's up with hype? Well, it's pumping,
right? We could check out hype real
quick.
We could check out hype real quick just
to see what it's up to. Pizza day was
the best. In my school, we had Domino's
pizza day once a month. Now, I never had
Domino's pizza. I was the only kid that
didn't get it. I always felt so left
out,
you know? It was just too much too much
money. My my mom, she didn't spend money
on school lunches. She she packed my
lunch for me. How embarrassing.
Now, I like to think that was better for
me, but probably not.
Probably not. Peanut butter and jelly on
Wonderbread is is not healthy at all.
All right, let's check out Hype.
Let's check out Hype.
All right,
it's pumping
now. Remember,
so look at that. We've we've literally
flipped resistance into support, guys.
We have flipped resistance into support
for hype. So this this was our last time
we looked at hype. My only trading plans
were either a take a short upon daily
not even take a short but look for a
pullback pretty much cuz you you never
short something like this unless you're
gambling which is fine. That is fine.
All right. People say gambling is not
fine. It's fine in certain situations if
you're using good risk management. Okay,
but daily closed below this level. We
looked down to 45. Obviously, that that
didn't happen. We got a daily close
below the level. The next day was a red
day, but then we pump back up. Now,
we're flipping resistance into support.
We're not coming down to 45. We're not
coming down to 30. Okay, so this whole
idea of potentially trading range is
invalidated unless we close the weekly
candle now below the level and then we
got a higher time frame potential to get
a move down. divergences,
not the money flow kind of. All right.
Again, guys, for me, this is the kind of
thing I I do not care about. I do not,
you know, look, if if you've been in
crypto for a while, the the number one
piece of advice is if you're finding out
about a coin or getting interested in a
coin after a massive pump, you're too
late. You're too late. All right? So, if
you're in hype already and you've been
in for a long time, awesome. Make sure
to take some profit. All right, we're at
all-time highs. You got to be taking
some profit, some something off the
table, at least your initial investment.
So, it's a risk-free investment.
But if you're not in hype, this is
definitely not the best highest
probability asset to be getting into
right now
because you do not have the things that
you need in order to make a sound
investment.
But if I had to force a trade on hype
right now, it would be this. Okay,
my forced trade on hype right now would
be this. We're in price discovery mode.
We try to This is a breakout and back
test here. Okay, a breakout and a back
test. The only way we would be able to
really get any kind of resistance here
would be to use a trendbased Fibonacci
extension. We're in price discovery
mode. Take it from the low
to here to here and shoot for the 1.618.
All right, that's going to be taking us
up here to around 79 bucks. The 2:1 FIB
extension is going to be around 88
bucks, 89 bucks. All right, so if I had
to force a trade on hype right now, it
would be this because technically there
are there's a valid invalidation, right?
Right? If this white line really is
resistance and we really did break out
and back tested, we you know, we we get
the initial rejection, the breakout and
the back test and we're really flipping
this into support. That means so long as
we don't take out this low, the trend is
our friend. And where do we shoot for
the 2:1 Fibonacci extension about a 3:1
risk-reward ratio?
This is the only trade I would even take
right now, even consider taking on hype
right now.
Now, if we turn out to make a lower low
and we lose 53 bucks, then I would wait
for us to come down to
our first target of around $45 support
resistance flip value area high golden
pocket back test. All right, right
around here. Okay, New York has just
opened for business.
Let's see what's going to happen.
New York has just opened for business,
guys. Let us partake and feast our eyes
upon the happenings of New York open.
All right,
we are open, baby.
Let's see what's going to happen here.
All right.
Oh, man. We're dumping. We're quickly
losing money. You can see we're down
12K. Hey, we were up 20k yesterday at
the peak. Now we're dumping. Is this a
head and shoulders? Oh man, I am
freaking out right now.
Oh my goodness. I am freaking out right
now. Jason, you idiot. You stupid idiot.
How could you do this again?
Your mom already let you move back in
the garage. What's she going to say now?
You told her you weren't going to get
liquidated anymore, you idiot.
Crap.
All right, let's see what happens here,
man. Is it just me or
it's getting sweaty in here, guys? All
right, here we go. New York. Come on,
New York. Come on, New York. Come on,
baby.
We are open.
Bryce hopes my longs out. I hope so.
I hope so. What time is it in New York
here? It's 9:30 in the beautiful New
York City. The Hudson River looking
great today. The New York City tap water
is extra refreshing today. All right. I
miss Eric Adams, though. Man, the sky is
so chemtrail today. Can I even show you
guys the sky?
No, I can't. My iPhone's unavailable
because I've been butt dialing people in
my in my
in my pocket. So, I my iPhone's locked,
guys. It's a good thing I always have
two phones on hand.
My other iPhone, it's not locked,
you know. But this thing needs charged.
Like, I I don't even know what kind of
iPhone I have.
Um, all right. Here we go. Let's see
what happens. Shout out to Sue Deep.
Nothing burger day. Can you believe
that?
Can you believe that? Yeah. All right,
it's time to take off the 45 lb weighted
vest. Give me one sec.
There's only so much walking you can do
with the 45 pound weighted vest before.
It just gets to be too much,
you know?
I've already done a an upper body
workout fasted.
I'm like 12,000 steps deep with a 45 lb
weighted vest.
Sheesh, man. Talk about calorie
expenditure. Talk about eating 5,000
calories a day and still having ripped
abs. It's the way to do it. Dave Flowers
is waiting for the macro lower day today
to buy anything. Yeah. Let's see. Two
phones. One for the trays and one for
the No, I got two phones. One for the
business and one for the corn. The
Bitcoin, baby.
The Vortex says, "I've had three months
off. Pure degeneracy. Now it's time to
find the balance." Yeah. Yeah. It's
tough. It's tough.
Do I run at all? If not, what do I do
for cardio? I do I do sprinting and I do
the assault bike, which I have over here
in the garage.
Yeah, I probably either do I do some
kind of highintensity interval cardio
two or three times a week. That's what I
do. That's what I like to do. That's
what I like to do.
Uh
the vest is almost as heavy as the
Vortex Crusaders balls. You have 45 lb
balls. Can you imagine having 45B balls?
So that's actually no joke because there
is a condition called elephantasis I
think that can affect the the uh as we
say in espanol lost
get mucho grandes that would be
horrible. You ever see like a a ram a
ram they have massive balls massive.
And I can only imagine how that would
probably really suck. I can't even
imagine that. I guess you could do you
could do body weight squats and it would
really cause a lot of leg hypertrophy
with that.
Um,
all right. Ya Donasaurus is doing some
push-ups right now. I cannot believe
this nonsense crap nothing burger price
action we've been having for the past
like month. This is horrible. This is
terrible. Can you believe this? With all
the buildup on New York over nothing.
Let's take a look at order flow. Not a
nothing. Zilch. Zip. Zip.
A Dodge Ram. No, like a real ramp. You
know, like the animal.
The real animal.
Let's take a look at what the order
flow. Are they buying or are they
selling?
They are.
I mean, they're buying.
They're buying. We've had in general
some buys on New York Open. 13 million,
7 million, 1.4 million.
All right, let's go, baby. If You know
what's sad is if New York does pump us
first, that means we're going to dump
later in the day. All right, if New York
does pump us first, we're going to dump
later in the day.
Acid balls bring insane test levels. Is
that true?
Does ball size affect testosterone? I
don't I feel like that's not true.
I'll have to look into that.
Um,
big shout out to my man in the chat, New
Tail New.
Can I teach you how to read a footprint
chart properly? Well, here's the thing.
I do have a free trading course on my
YouTube channel. Check it out. All
right. My free trading course has a
whole session on order flow.
All right.
What's the temperature right now? I have
no idea.
I have no idea.
Your your testicles get like an avocado.
Huge ones. Yeah. I mean, that's that is
a real thing that people can get. So,
um
am I on TRT?
What makes you say that we will dump
later if we pump? Now, here's the thing.
New York loves to do the old onetwo
punch. All right, New York open their
their claim to fame is they do one thing
for the first like half hour or an hour
and then the rest of the day does the
opposite. That is the New York claim to
fame. So, if we open up bullish for
Bitcoin, then it's probably going to be
a bearish day. If we open up bearish,
it'll probably be a bullish day. And we
what typically happens is we grab the
liquidity. So opening up bullish right
now makes me think that we could take
these highs and then dump with some bear
divs. But so far it's a big old nothing
burger. So this is not this is not, you
know, man. But of of course another
thing that could happen is if we dump
then we can come down to our zone of
support right around here and get a
bounce from here. All right? or we take
the lows
and get a bounce from after taking the
lows. All right.
So,
so let's see. And typically Wednesday is
the higher low of the week. All right.
Typically Wednesday is the higher or the
low of the week.
Is this the worst price action we've
seen in the history of Bitcoin? No.
No. Um,
no. I I No. December of 2022 was worse
than this, but these are some of the
most boring streams I've had in a long
time, you know, which is never fun. It's
it's it's always hard to stream during
this boring price action. But and then
we end up talking about some weird
stuff. Um,
Market Monkey, do I have an offer on it?
Yes, I do. I do. I do. I have a a
discount. I have a discount for my link
for sure. Inverse head and shoulder on
the 4-hour Bitcoin. Yeah, let's let's
pump it. Yowser Yowser for sure. Um,
shout out to Bullish on parade. God
bless you. Shout out to Wanistrada. Do I
wear Crocs to walk? No, I wear these I
wear these shoes. All right, these are
the shoes I wear to walk. All right.
Sketchers from Amazon.
walking shoes. All right. No no no
laces. These are my walking shoes. All
right. I've gone through so many pairs
of these shoes. Now, um here's the
thing. The way I found out about these
shoes is my father-in-law came over once
and I looked at his shoes and I said,
"You know what? Those shoes look pretty
nice, man. I think I'll get me some of
those." So, I did. That was like three
years ago. And I've never looked back.
All right. I've never looked back from
these Sketchers. All right. I love these
things.
TRT is a Turkish news channel. That's
funny. So, no, I've never been on TRT.
I've never been on a Turkish news
channel.
Um, why did I stop using EXO? Because
EXO sucks to be honest. It it kept
glitching out, losing data. There'd be
like days of no data, so you couldn't
see divergences.
And then Market Monkey comes along and
HFG kept telling me to use Market
Monkey. I'm like, ah, I don't know.
Like, there's a billion platforms. And
then finally I used it and it's amazing.
All right. I never looked back. This
thing is is amazing. I mean Market
Monkey is like like light years ahead of
Exo. What when are we going what what
are we going to win with the Bitfunded
setup? You're going to win an account.
So guys, we're doing some giveaways.
First of all, Bitfunded is giving away
$50,000 uh $250,000.
All right. 50 winners will get a $5,000
funded account. All you have to do is
register. link in the description.
Client Funding is giving away five
$50,000 accounts. All right. In order to
have one of these, you have to have
signed up using my link and purchased an
account previously. All right. Also,
Antarctic has the lowest fees period. 0%
market order. Sorry, 0% limit order,
0.02% market order. Also, Ubit, KSX, and
Blofin are my exchanges. And if you want
to
join the best trading community in the
world, jasoncastrading.com,
where we give the trades in the moment,
in advance, letting people know what
we're doing, walking you through all the
crap. All right? Blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah, you know, all that
stuff.
Jason Schillington, baby. Jay
Schillington.
Let's see what Come on, New York, give
us a move, please. Please just give us a
move.
New York, please just give us a move.
Oh, please. Oh, please just give us a
move.
Please just give us a move.
Rocks are slippery and wet. Don't forget
to check Pi. All right, we'll check Pi.
We'll check the Pi network.
Um
and
the vortex says people don't understand
how power how paramount nutrition is for
body composition. That is true honestly.
I mean in my life
nutrition has been something that I
often didn't realize how important it
was. All right. Trying to trying to be
lean and strong and healthy while you're
not eating well is very difficult. Led
to many issues in my younger years.
Let's see.
Pi network.
Wow. Would you look at this thing? Huh?
Let's stretch it out.
Um, is this the right one? It has to be.
But this is a giant falling wedge here.
I don't know anything about Pi Network,
but I do know
I don't know anything about it. So,
here's the thing. Um
the the the upside potential is great.
The downside potential is infinite.
Yeah, there's not really much I can say
about it. Um
we don't have bullish divs on the
weekly.
We don't really have bullish divs on the
daily. I don't know what can I say about
it. We're ranging between here and here.
So, we are at an established zone of
support, which means if we're going to
buy the support with our stop loss under
the low and we're going to shoot for a
resistance. Hang on, hang on, hang on.
Oh my goodness.
There we go.
Put it back on log. Flip it back.
And we're going to shoot for the top of
the resistance. This is going to be a 5
to one riskreward.
And assuming we break out of here and
hit maybe some of these old highs, we're
talking the risk-to-reward is quite
nice. Okay. But I don't really know
anything about the Pi network.
All right. Bitcoin once again trying to
get a move.
Come on, Biddy.
Come on, itty bitty. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
>> Do I think it's worth having an order
for platform?
Um, I don't know. I don't use it too
much. I like having I like having
orderflow. Yeah. Um, I don't use it to
the extent that a lot of people use it.
I use it for CVD open interest and delta
busters pretty much.
Um,
as smart as I am, I suck at reading.
It's true. I do suck at reading. I also
suck at writing. And also, uh, it's very
bright out here. It's hard for me to
read my my 13-inch MacBook Pro screen.
Um, but yeah, I do suck at reading.
Um,
yeah. Is it worth having orderflow?
>> Yeah, I I think so. I market Monkey
offers free services, too.
Hype is pumping again. All right. Yeah,
we could look at others. Let's look at
others.
New York is one big cheese pizza. Seek
parabolic says it looks like it's about
to go bang.
Um,
the vortex eats beef, eggs, and
something else. All right, cool. I mean,
sounds like a pretty healthy diet.
Um, yeah, let's check out others.
Do I think we'll see fireworks on the
4th of July? Like literal fireworks or
you talking like the price action going
crazy? I am not sure. Um, Wan Estrada,
you know, you could I could see it going
either way. All right, let's check out
others. That is pretty much altcoin
dominance.
>> Let's check out altcoin dominance here.
So,
we are at support. It's undeniable. We
are at a massive support resistance flip
here of $162
billion.
This was our support all the way back in
2021, a resistance of the bare market.
Now, this has been pretty much our
support since October 2023.
We have a bottomed out weekly.
We
don't have bullish dip on our 3-day. It
the bottom doesn't look very nice here.
I would love to get a double bottom just
like I would on Bitcoin. I would love to
break down from this channel and retest
this support again to give us a really
nice solid bottom.
Um, you know, wow, look at the October
10th wick. That is cra that is crazy. A
perfect back test of that. Maybe this is
the back test. Maybe this is the double
bottom of the October 10th wick. But
money flow is about to cross. So it does
look bullish. I wish we had some
divergences though. Let's check out how
this looks in conjunction with USDT
dominance.
>> You know what's what's interesting is
USDT dominance also has a bottom on the
3-day here.
Um,
which makes it look like USD dom could
come up a little bit more before another
drop.
We'd have to see if we break out of this
thing here. If we break out of this, we
get a double top on USDT dominance. That
would allow us to get double bottoms on
others as well as Bitcoin. That that
could be our our nice bottom. Getting a
double top on USDT and double bottom on
some of these cryptos. Oh wow. Bitcoin
pumping, baby. Look at this. The moment
we've been waiting for. Oh wow. I can
feel the euphoria kicking in and it
feels great.
Finally, I can move out of my mom's
garage with this pump. All right,
shout out to Dennis who's preparing for
the wedding. God bless you, man. Hope
you have a a great wedding. Um,
Divine Hood says, "I'm in on in from
552, the bullish back test of the major
pick for trend line." That's cool, man.
God bless you, Divine Hood. Good to see
you, man.
I bought 60% of my spot positions around
62 to 67. So, I'm always looking for
pumps. Yeah, I did get in as well under
70K. Um,
so
I am
I
wish we could come lower though because
I'm only in a little bit of what I want
to be in. All right, here we go. We're
pumping up. We're up 17K on the long
trade. Here we go. Here we go. Let's go.
It's funny. It's We say we're pumping,
but really we're at the same price that
we've literally been
>> since like
May 18th, guys. It's been 6 days. We're
at the same literally the same price.
May 17th, guys. It It's been nine days
of the same price.
Nine days. Major shout out to our super
chat, Max Young936.
Thank you so much for the $1 super chat,
bro. I really appreciate that. Thank
you.
>> Do I ever consider the S&P correlation?
I used to, not as much anymore. Um,
yeah, the second chance to TMP. We've
already lost. Look at that. We've wicked
down a little bit from the pump. We're
up 17K now. We're up 16K.
Second chance to tease some P says Sop.
Second chance to T some P.
>> Let's see what happens here.
Yeah, this is some dumb price action,
man.
This is some dumb price action.
Just pick a side. Well, I'm on both
sides. I'm trying to play both sides of
the candlestick here, as can be seen.
But I'm hoping for a pump. That's what I
would rather see. Cryptoface just took
100k profit on a hype pump. Good for
Cryptoface, man.
Good for Cryptoface.
That's what's up. Is he live right now?
Let's see.
He really knows how to build the hype.
Cryptoface knows all about the hype.
Let's see here.
>> Yeah, he is live.
Nice. Look, he got in on that juicy
entry of the back test right there.
That's what's up.
He said it's a good thing we took
profits.
Big shout out to Cryptoface.
Big shout out to Alli Stair Grant 9686.
Can you please look at Osmo?
Uh, sure.
Osmo.
Uh,
>> I wish I knew some context.
I don't know what to say about Osmo. I'm
really sorry.
What would you like me to say? Are you
in it? Did you just buy the top and now
we're dumping? Is that what happened? I
don't know what to say about it. It's a
total gamble.
Uh, could we pump? Yes. If we do, it's
definitely going to be a rugpull. It's
called Osmo and it's a piece of crap
coin. I don't know what it is.
Um
yeah, what can I say about it? There's
there's no way to do any real technical
analysis. We've had a money flow cross
obviously from the big pump.
I have no idea what is going to happen
from it.
Some slight bullish divergence at the
low, but it's it's obviously played out
here. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I'm sorry, but thank you for
the super chat. I how could I how could
I analyze this coin?
Um there is no way to do any kind of
support or resistance on here. We don't
have any high time frame levels to look
at. Obviously support is 2.99.
We wick up to this monthlyish maybe
almost order block and a big wick to the
downside here.
Um
the indicators are very ambiguous in my
opinion. Uh maybe we got some bull div
here. I don't know. It's up to you.
Yeah, I I I I'm a trader, okay? I am a
trader.
I have no way to actually trade this.
Anything I tell you right now would be
pure just speculation.
There's no way for me to give you any
kind of actual analysis on this coin. I
am sorry. All right.
Thank you for the super chat.
Juan says, "How do you not know about
Osmo? It's going to change the world
along with XRP."
Um,
yeah.
Yeah. Shout out to Cryptoface for
racking in 100K. Big shout out to
Cryptoface living my dreams. Kryptoace
is living my dreams,
you know.
All right. All right.
Well, guys, I think I'm going to call it
a stream here. We're obviously not
getting any real volatility.
If we do, I will be back later. All
right? So, if we start pumping or
dumping, I will be back. Shout out to
the Casper crew. God bless you guys in
Jesus name. Peace.